ADDITIONS/FIXES

1. 'Gamemode Select' panel added in gamemode sub-section in settings. This is to show gamemode info like name, type, difficulty, and description. As well to give a buffer for starting a new gamemode.
2. (Related to 1) 'Quick Start Game' toggle added. This hides the new 'Gamemode Select' panel and makes gamemodes instantly start when their buttons are clicked.
3. Gamemode preview videos updated to be more "responsive". You'll notice the targets (and eventually skyboxes) in the videos change according to yuor color choices.
4. Game timer added. Make game 30, 60, 90 or 120 seconds long. (Custom/infinity time obviously next).
5. Visual changes made to UI overlay holding time, score and accuracy.
6. Tooltips added to certain UI elements to explain usage or other info. All Misc settings given tooltips, as well as all 'up/down' items in after action report screen (to show differences in previous/current run stats).
7. Wide spread font change to better the look of the UI.
8. NEED TO DO: Crosshairs center dot now has outline if outline option toggled.
9. 'Movement lock' toggle removed. No character movement being used at this time, so this is unnessecary.
10. FPS counter MAYBE causing frame drops possibly fixed. Probably. Also new/better look to it. Toggle added back to Misc settings.
11. Crosshair size can no longer be set too high and cause lag.
12. General UI visual changes.

KNOWN BUGS:

1. Accuracy value in Pairs gamemode still does not accurately get calculated.
2. Target in Follow gamemode still continues on its path when settings panel/after action report is opened.
3. Not a bug, but the other 5 skybox options have been temporarily disabled to test some gamemode preview video thing.
4. Problem causing input boxes for mouse sensitivity and other crosshair options to not respond to value changes "fixed". You can no longer input a value for said items, only use sliders.

UPCOMING:

1. Controls:
	- Full keybind editing
2. Targets:
	- Control over target size, move/spawn speed, and target spawn area size/location.
3. Stats:
	- Seperate stat screen for viewing past 5-10 games, as well as differnt gamemode highscores and other stats.
	- Stat sharing? idfk.
4. Map(s):
	- Different terrain colors to further cusomize current map.
	- More Skyboxes/atmospheres.
	- New map(s), at some point.
5. Gamemode(s):
	- 1-2 planned gamemodes added soon, more later on.
6. Steam:
	- Steam account integration for things like profile, friends stat viewing/sharing, leaderboards, etc.
7. Crosshair:
	- Extra crosshair options for people who like weird shaped crosshairs.